docs: add exchange definition examples (#163)
energywebfoundation/ssi: apps/vc-api/docs/example-exchange-definitions/one-presentation-one-self-signed-exchange.md

> Exchange Definitions for one presentation (VC issued by authority through VP) and one self-signed credential. 

Reviewer: Aligning with the other examples
```suggestion
Sample Exchange Definition for one presentation (VC issued by authority through VP) and one self-signed credential. 
```

                        "purpose":"One consent credential is required for this presentation",
                        "group":[
                           "A"
                        ],
                        "constraints":{
                           "subject_is_issuer":"required",
                           "fields":[
                              {
                                 "path":[
                                    "$.type"
                                 ],
                                 "filter":{
                                    "type":"array",
                                    "contains":{
                                       "type":"string",
                                       "const":"ConsentCredential"
                                    }
                                 }
                              }
                           ]
                        }
                     }
                  ]
               }
            }
         ]
      }
   ],
   "interactServices":[
      {
         "type":"UnmediatedHttpPresentationService2021"
      }
   ],
   "isOneTime":true,
   "callback":[
      {

>          "url":"FILL YOUR CALLBACK URL, for example 'https://webhook.site/efb19fb8-2579-4e1b-8614-d5a03edaaa7a'"

Reviewer: Lets align the `callback` `url` with the other files
```suggestion
         "url":"https://webhook.site/efb19fb8-2579-4e1b-8614-d5a03edaaa7a"
```
